Okay! In this section of the course, what
we wanna do is start introducing you
into the Docker Framework, and see what
Docker is, how we can work with it.
In the first section, we're gonna take a
look at exactly what is Docker, why it
came to be, and then we'll get into some
very simple exercises using Docker. We're
not gonna look at anything too
much with Java. In this section of the
course is really just to get you
familiar with Docker. Get you some
history of Docker.  Get your environment
set up, so that Doctor is now functional
on your system, and you can start using
Docker Containers on your own
development system. So let's jump into
the next module of the course and we'll
take a deep dive on what exactly is this
thing called Docker.